AppSwitcher documentation improvement (#2669)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-advanced.md

![App switcher](assets/app-switcher.jpg)

> The app switcher is a drop-down in top the navigation which allows you to switch between applications.To use it, you need to:
> 1. Define a [header object](general-settings.md#headerlogo) in the `settings:` section of your Luigi configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app switcher is a dropdown at the top of the navigation which allows you to switch between applications. To use it, you need to:
1. Define a [header object](general-settings.md#headerlogo) in the `settings:` section of your Luigi configuration.
```
